Just me
Just because I am the son of a neutral group executive
You can also get in touch with the biggest characters in the middle and lower
To discipline you a thief
Not good enough?
Not enough trash to be so arrogant
What about my middle and lower third square consortium?
Come to our middle and lower fourth sand medicine group
Is it enough now bro?
You are a top-level trash
Dare to challenge the top level of the middle and lower
Okay, since you are courting death, then I will fulfill you
Shoot this thief out for me
Who says saving money and trouble sneaks money in to steal things?
As far as you say, save money and steal
Oh yes
It's him. There are only 50 places for this card to be sold out.
What qualifications do you have to come in with this trash?
Just came in for the money
If Mr. Shen is not qualified
No one in the middle and lower levels is eligible
What are you?
Dare to question
Mr. Shen
My grandfather personally invited me to have long eyes
Do you say you are eligible to participate in the auction?
Or is your Xu family better than my Qin family emperor?
Not that Miss Qin
You misunderstood.
I didn't mean it that way.
Mr. Shen
My grandfather is waiting for you inside. Let's go
Cousin, I'll go first
Mr. Shen, do you want me to teach him a lesson?
Just ignore it.
Isn't it just a waste of work?
If it weren't for reliable
What qualifications does he have to come in?
One day they get tired of playing
He'll be beaten back to his original state
If you are not promising, the man will eat soft rice
It looks disgusting.
Wait until he's used up
When you come back with nothing
You know how wrong it is
A bunch of clumsy people
More dim-eyed than an old man like me
Kid Xu Ming has seen Grandpa Guan
I didn't expect to see you here again
My dad always reminds you
He said that the person he admires the most is you
Finally met the deity